and now let's go to the part let's go
to the part where it gives a little
more information and confirms the news does
not confirm that conviction against Rocío Carrasco
that conviction against Rocío Carrasco for
family abandonment Hey, it seems to me, it
seems to me like an end, not only of
justice in the courts, it
seems to me Even a little bit of
poetic justice family because we're talking
about a person who has sat down to be
a docuseries earning a fortune a
docuseries that Irene Montero has awarded
with your taxes with all of you
who are here with the taxes of
all of us who are here okay
because she considered herself a victim
of gender violence the civiri a kiss
Thank you very much And look at you how
the move is that the one who has been convicted
of family abandonment a crime for which
Antonio David Flores was acquitted in his day
Well, it turns out that the one who has been
convicted has been her for
family abandonment for not paying the alimony I have
to put it I have to put the
last part of the video that uploaded and you I
know I'm a bit heavy but I have to
put it look Look look look look
This  video This video that uploaded today is worthless, it
's not the one that stops Rocío Carrasco
this ending this ending Look at this part
this part the
definition of things And we're also
going to talk about pensions because
pensions are also violence
but then they don't pay pensions to me I'm
not buying that story Hey listen be very
careful don't get me wrong, I'm not
saying it, I'm saying it, Carlota Corredera and I
respect whatever Carlota Corredera says
I won't be the one who now points to himself as a
denialist, surely the lawyer, the
lawyer Monse Suárez, the lawyer from the
TV factory who says that a
man is not innocent even if he doesn't lose his
lawsuits, can't you refresh your
memory a little better,
economic violence in not paying
child support is a
form of violence and that we all
move forward because we are equal Well,
nothing, lawyer I won't be the one who reads it, I
respect what the lawyer says, eh, I
'm not a denialist okay I'm
learning a lot from Carlota Corredera and
from Monster Suárez and I
recommend that you  watch the video okay that
video format that video format I
'm uploading at 3 in the afternoon okay
reminding you all that at 9 in the
morning you have the newscast la piruleta
here on telesalseo It's being uploaded here
on telesalseo and at three in the afternoon you
have that format that's
also looking very Ricolino okay a kiss Charo
Thank you very much for your gift or
talk to you about the sentence
Okay yes Now now I'll talk about What a
great guy newspaper headline
Rocío Antonio Flores' son I'm not
really tired I'm sick of
knowing that they continue to spread that mantra
about me as a manipulator and a vengeful person
and now I will explain
talking about the sentence completely
the crime is a crime of non-payment of
alimony of the modality in payment of
alimony within what is the crime
known as abandonment of family
the holding of the trial specifically
was on Friday at 10:30 in the morning
here confirms Antonio Gabriel Díaz okay
we had that we
had that
little doubt okay Thank you very much jotos
Thank you very much to all  that you
are becoming a member here confirms
Antonio vi Well nothing it was on Friday
okay I'm very happy It's okay to make
mistakes it's okay I hadn't
thought outside in the street there
was no press because despite the fact that they
always point me out as the one who comes to screw up
Román has given away 50
members
Román has just given away 50 members Román has just
undressed and is walking around
naked on this live
But anyway the whole chat a round of applause for
Román Román says he wants us to
reach 3000 but that he wants to do it
alone anything is
worth Román thank you very much a
huge hug a huge hug Román I am the
person
precisely that day there was no press
But that did catch my attention a lot
something that I'm going to tell
and That obviously I have a way of being able to
prove Yeah there was
an I don't know if it was a journalist you
understand there was a cameraman with a small camera
that at the entrance and exit of the
trial he
recorded me and recorded my family and my
lawyers curious okay there was a cameraman
that at the entrance and exit of the
trial took images of Antonio with his
children coming in and out at the exit the
same thing happened
I left the trial before Rocío
and when Vacío left with his lawyer he
stopped in front of that camera
and a man appeared I understand a
journalist with a microphone and he asked him
questions
let's try to find out This ok let's
try to find out this
let's try to find out this ok He
's telling you not that it's true because I
don't question his word but I'm going
to try I'm going to try to find out
what media it came from ok I'm going to move it I'm going to
move it it
could be Maybe for
readings for sure I ca
n't bet because I wasn't
there ok But come on but of course
you also think man
also think wait I'm going to write
this down for the lollipop that I'm
writing down the minutes
is that you also think reading ok Why So he
wanted to get reading I
mean if it's a trial that
Rocío Carrasco is already doing everything possible
to delay
I think Antonio had wanted to
tell us something
and no he hasn't finished saying it
because I think this has to be
related to the fact that she
also tried to cancel it the trial I don't know what
but of course reading but but of course it
doesn't add up to me I'm going to explain why Let's
see if  You're smarter than I am
and maybe I'm a little dumb
today but
readings
is precisely reading that makes you
avoid news that doesn't benefit
Rocio Carrasco
and this news doesn't benefit Rocio
Carrasco
why would there be what for
what the hell Carrasco would have
been there with readings because of course apparently Rocio Carrasco was asking for the trial to be with open doors that apparently the defense of David Flores and his father Well I think they got involved But why would Rocio Carrasco want to be involved in
something that doesn't suit her come on why would she
want reading something I mean why would
reading want to cover something that doesn't
benefit Rocio Carrasco if she
never publishes anything that doesn't benefit her they've
forgotten they've forgotten the news
of the trials that Raquel Mosquera has won against her
Raquel Bollo everything that Olga has won against her
in case they managed to suspend it To
bring them all out again together in
case they managed to suspend it But what
beneficial news would that be for them
Emilio there's something there that I think
Antonio had wanted  tell us something
and I haven't got it,
maybe it could be for another medium, it
caught my attention not having seen the
images on television or in
digital media and the answers to her questions on the
part of in case she won, in case she won,
in case she won But the thing is that I think that
she didn't see herself with a chance of winning
is that I don't think that she saw herself with a
chance of winning
that I don't know why I promise you eh
curiously
But at no time does a
journalist appear with the microphone to ask me
any questions, she doesn't want her version I
leave it there significant and let's see if there's
someone I'm
going to find out this eh I mean we're going to be
100% sure of this, let's not say
no, what happened because if he
is telling it because that's how it is I trust that is how it is
but I'm going to investigate
why and who they were
as you well know this trial that was
held on Friday I insist at
10:30 in the morning I came from a trial
previously scheduled like two
weeks or two and a half weeks before
where it had to be canceled precisely
because all of Spain all the
media all the  The world knew
that there was a trial for the crime of
abandonment of family for not paying
child support Rocío Carrasco mother of David
Flores and that she had to go to trial but
curiously she did not show up to trial And
curiously enough her lawyer was
there
lawyer who came to tell the judge Well
listen it turns out that my client has
not been summoned and since she has not been summoned
then do not attend trial
this entails so that you understand
the emotional wear and tear
of two young kids who know that they have to
meet with their mother
who have been thinking for months How are they
going to handle
this matter
and believe me it has really been very
unpleasant
[Music]
as I was saying she does not show up to
trial Oh well I'm not going to talk
about the financial expense of
living in Malaga having to go up to
Madrid having several days to prepare for
the trial hotel expenses and then
coming back with the bittersweet taste of not having
held the trial we'll see Let's see
when
the [ __ ] pain in the ass is held
a [ __ ] pain in the ass when my children show up
and I show up
my two children come in
with their lawyer with Iván Hernández
to inform his honor and the prosecutor of the
will that both of them have
and Rocío Flores says that she will not testify
against her mother
because she was summoned as a witness
and my David David Flores says in court that
no,
that he will not press charges against the
mother, that she wants to withdraw the complaint
because she does not want to cause
further harm to her mother,
but that the only thing he wants is for
the trial to continue so that he can
claim child support
because it is a right that he has, and to
collect the money that his mother owes him
for five and a half years.
His honor, the judge is
attending to them perfectly, according to what they
tell me because I was away, I did not go in,
but he does ask them please that
once a date is set for the
trial to be held, that they return
to Madrid again and that they appear at the
trial and that what they have told
him with Rocío Carrasco's lawyer
in front of him, they state it when
the mother is formally summoned and
attends trial, of course,
as he said, he
comes out with that bittersweet feeling of everything
that the trial entails, the
emotional and economic exhaustion, and it turns out that his
honor is putting all the means so that
his mother  I summon her as soon as possible
and the police can go to her home and
deliver the notification
personally. We did
n't think that in two weeks or a
week and a half the trial was going to be held. It
was held. The
trial was held.
In my opinion, I think that the strategy of
Rocío Carrasco, David Flores' mother,
was, let's say.
In my opinion, be careful, uh, to delay this
trial by not showing up so that
previously
for which she reports me, which is the
lifting of the sentence. I think the same, it's clear that
the sentence or the trial for the lifting
of assets is held before
the trial for her non-payment of alimony
and her abandonment of the family.
Well, it turns out that one day, on its
day, it was January 25, 2018,
I, Antonio David, father of David Flores and
parent who has custody of him,
to prevent my son from having to
attend trial and go through that bad time
because what we are really older
and we go to court and you have to
testify in front of a judge, from the
prosecutor's questions and from the
opposing lawyer, it
is not easy, it is not comfortable, it is a
situation in which you find yourself in a
very nervous state.
Imagine a kid
who has to go to court
because what he's asking for is for
his mother to pay him, I
illegally claim €200 a month
because it's been five and a half years, it's
unaffordable for me to pay him, damn it,
my son told me in 2017, which was
when I filed the complaint for non-payment
of child support, that he didn't want to report his
mother, that he didn't want to go through that ordeal
and that please do it, telling me
the guy,
sorry, I
'm going to cause a problem,
but I want to claim what's mine. On
January 25, 2018, a
sentence was issued where
Rocío Carrasco was sentenced to pay child support
for her son in the amount of
€200.
From here, I have two things to say.
I've had a lot of
known procedures. Nobody will ever have heard me
complain about justice.
How are your cervical vertebrae?
Terrible,
terrible, terrible. I'm doing
terribly, and I'm not
going to do it, whether they're right or not,
to a greater or lesser extent, whether you are the one who
benefits or not,
but
in my understanding, child support
payments are
proportional.  to the economic capacity of the
parent
and she was sentenced to pay 200 €
a month Yes that's true what
he's saying is true I don't think
we've ever discussed that it's true I have
friends I have friends who pay child
support
maybe 800 bucks
Yes yes because they have businesses maybe
and without electricity businesses
appliance businesses and stores a chain
of stores and they pay child support 800
bucks Well but without going any further
we've seen many cases of celebrities who
pay child support they put 1200
euros things like that you know
Rocío Carrasco 200 bucks
is true And that On what was it based or rather is that 200
euros is the child support that they
put on a miludista person no there isn't
one Maybe a person who earns
1000 1200 euros they put that that child
support what the
hell
what the hell for them to put 200
euros And on top of that I won't make them pay I mean it's just that it
's a joke
Javi they change when  It is
shared custody and this was many years ago,
no, this was in 2017, 2018,
Antonio David is saying and here there was no longer
shared custody, here
he has parental authority, that's why he
has to pay,
Jesulín paid Esteban 1200, of course,
of course,
and Ortega Canoa Alarcón too, yes, it
is true that I believe that it is an
out-of-court agreement, but well, they are
based on, they are based on the
purchasing power of each person. It
is true that,
after that, another thing, that sentence was
handed down
by the gender violence court in
Alcobendas,
you do not know the embarrassment that one
has to go through
going to court and having to enter through
the door of the court that says
gender violence court above, that
is to say,
for those women and men who
are watching me. And they know
what this matter is about, do
you know that the moment your ex-
partner files a complaint against you for
gender violence, in my case it is false,
from then on, all the procedures
tell me in a message
Exactly based on her assets,
in whose name is everything and why
man I look so handsome today eh You have to
wake me up eh of
course it's not because I'm a woman Of course of course it's not
because I'm a woman of
course it's based on her assets of course that's why 200 euros are
going through the court of
gender violence my goodness for not paying It's that she is
a person who has completely wanted to
distance herself from having children of having had them I mean how how
can a mother not
love her children no of
course how man how can she want is that
she wants to distance herself I mean she's had a
history with each one she's had
a history with each one with
which no I don't have children
nothing very serious has happened to me with them and I've had to
distance myself as if I didn't have them
come on
200 euros is not paid by someone thousand
euro my father paid 180 euros for
each child with a salary of 1800 and I'm
talking about 20 years ago already well it's
little 180 euros is little It's that
I really
the issue of you separating and things like
this have It's that I come on knock on
wood knock on wood no  that I will never see myself
in that situation but the thing is that if I
start to think about it if I were to separate whatever it
is I wouldn't have to go to
court to agree on these types of things I
mean I would give
the same life to my children wherever they were as if they
are that if I
am with the mother she understands me I mean
but I would give them exactly the same life
as if she knows I mean it changes you
separate from the one from the mother not from
them you know how Well
but I've met a lot of people So they
have to go play so I agree and
then even having gotten to play or they
don't pay he doesn't understand me and it's like
the one who has But why don't you pay I mean he
's your son who's your son dude how
come you don't pay It's not that this month is bad for me
because the car It's not that it's
bad for me because I don't know what But then If you
had the girl in your house or the boy in
your house then yes you know these are things
that you say uncle I don't understand them I don't understand them you
trust that the mother or in this
case the father can feed him
okay
Javi Put the 142 53  now I put it Sonia I'm
going to write it down I think there is no
greater humiliation than that
at least in my case I haven't even had to
go to
I would settle that without a trial eh
now the problems that I had with the
mother are the problems you know
independent I don't understand that fight the
truth is
I put the custody as
my son's request said
and it turns out that during the procedure
before reaching the
trial
Rocío Carrasco's defense sends a
letter saying that I am not the
person who has to file that complaint
and that it has to be
her son David Flores
[Music]
His honor understands it that way and asks that
David be the one to do it there are
many things
sorry let's see
my daughter
that one to those that
these scoundrels from Telecinco and the
TV factory have planted the mantra that I
have manipulated her
and that I exercise that invented term of
vicarious violence on my children they
agree and they both say that they are
not going to testify against their mother
to harm her and David says that he is going to
withdraw the complaint
and I say
But well with all that the
uncertainty that I have obviously is
that perhaps it could be that well it is
heard that I as part of the procedure
the complaint Well the judge is your
honor it would have been appropriate and I
removed myself from the procedure
and we had the faith that the prosecutor's office the
prosecutor would continue forward
for the Popular accusation in defense of
the interests of my son and so he did so he did
but not only that but in addition your
honor Mr. Judge
considered that I was an injured party
in this procedure and that I could not
leave the procedure
which was what
Rocío's lawyer had requested
well said this
responding to the information given by the
newspaper and other media more
digital press where the
heading the title of your article
is the son of Rocío David Flores I am not saying
that you are lying that you are lying
journalists I hope that you rectify
because the person who is involved
in this matter is me and I am denying the
majority to
tell you that I am that rectify to see
what you are asking me that
measures at minute 142
says the writing says the
parties are heard to see if it should or should not be carried out
oral trial in the public hearing in accordance with
article 682 of the criminal procedure law,
by this I understand that the judge asks
the parties whether they want the trial to be
held in open court with people
or not and from there each one can give their
opinion and then the judge as always will
decide
your honor the question is raised
as to whether you want the trial to be public or
not and the prosecutor considers that it should
be behind closed doors
my lawyer that I was not there my lawyer
agrees with the prosecutor's request that is
Antonio David
the open door trial of a
good kid of a kid
like the son of Antonio David
knows
how you're going to be an open door trial
for that
where to catch it we are we are
stupid
we are stupid
also considers that the trial should be
behind closed doors and now we go to the
third part which is Rocío Carrasco she
was looking for a Circus but I really don't understand
gossip point that I don't understand
why So there is some intention we are we are
sure we are all in
agreement because we know what they are like
and how they move no And how it is handled
but that I don't get why
I would understand it in  a trial in which
she or rather I would understand if she
asked for it I would understand if she asked for it to be
open in a
trial in which she believes she's going to be a pain in the
ass in the in the in the in the
trial that they have against her
Antonio
but in this one against your son that you have
everything to lose that you've lost it on
top of it no I don't have it really I can't think of
why I don't understand the
strategy you know what the
plot is
go you know what the plot was
but eh there were people who knew I
told you there were people who knew that
the trial was on Friday I know that Diego
Arrabal knew about it
from other people I
think he got to record he knew about it from
YouTube colleagues who had found out from
other people I mean on the other hand they told me
or rather there were people who knew I don't know
why nobody had said anything Marina
finds out on Sunday hours before or a while
before starting live and she tells it
to SEO
but that it was known while there were
people saying that they had snuck in on
Marina
But I don't understand why this really
escapes me there was the
press there there was a  journalist
with a microphone and a camera
where she considers that it should be public
so that the right to information is not restricted
Rocío Carrasco considers that it should be
public so that the
right to information is not restricted it's
mind-blowing I
don't understand why I do
n't understand why it really does
n't escape me I don't know I don't understand
why from here I could say many
things many things
many things from the pain
look you
know what I think it is you
know what I think it is that
in the trial I already
know what I already know what not exactly
but I already know what I
already know where the shots are going for sure
look in the trial
Rocío Carrasco is sure to go that way I already
have it clear it's
not because of the trial it's not because of the trial
itself it's not because of the case she knows that she's going to
lose it And that when she loses it it's going to be
everywhere It's still worth it it
's because within the trial
she will have presented
x documentation or she will have declared x
And then she wanted that she
wants that in some way to be
public you have
understood me I'm
going to make it up imagine that
Rocío Carrasco has a paper
where  It states and proves that Antonio David
has stolen a bunch of croquettes from a
fried food shop.
It's really bad because he entered, broke the
display case and took seven kilos of
croquettes from the fried food shop.
And this is something that Rocío Carrasco. Well, of
course she can't tell it and she can't
leak it to the press because it would be a
bit illegal because it violates privacy
or because it's information.
You know what I'm telling you, whatever, remember Ortega Cano's
role. Do
you remember Ortega Cano's role
that through Kong in the end it was
said and told what was supposed to be
in that role? Well, this goes that way
too.
This goes that way too. She must have
presented evidence.
She must have presented evidence,
a document or something that she
testified to. I think that she
just testified, I
think that she testified while crying. I
think that Antonio David also testified,
and the children, I think that it's just a small
thing. Look, I want this and I want that and I
take this back. You know, I think that
nobody else specified anything,
but I don't know. I'm not sure about that,
and I think that Rocío has presented it.
Carrasco some evidence
imagine some documentation that leaves
Antonio David as a bad father
according to her of course something or rather she must have
some intention of
bringing the press into something that does
not interest her and that and that no that
no that the magazine
lectura has not given the other dates
of the trial nor has it gone to the doors of
the courts on other occasions nor to
break the news The other times that have
been suspended
is something that she has come up with
with her little friend Luis Pliego and it
has occurred to her it is some paper or some
information some documentation some
dirty laundry Antonio David
that she wants to somehow
leak but has no way of leaking it she goes around getting him about the would get him about the
census but if it is that
she has already said that clearly it is some
dirty laundry imagine I am going to make it up in case you
are not understanding me I am going to
sell it
Imagine that there is a video I don't
want to see I don't know an example to invent
Imagine that there is a video that leaves
Antonio David in a very bad light
because Antonio David hits him on the street
a grandmother there
is a security camera in a portal
or in a private place where Antonio David
hits an grandmother
Of course he can no longer leak that video
because there is no way only
she has it it is from a private place it is
intimate like the filters Well,
since it is presented in the trial, there will
be press in the trial there will
be someone who will take it by word of mouth it
goes that way man that is the way they
act you
have developed feminine intuition
Javi Virginia I have a lot of feminine intuition it
goes that way yes Emilio it fits you it does not
fit you have understood it you have
understood it is the same as with the letter
from Ortega Cano it goes that way And if
Antonio David sintonavista seeing me on
live of
course he surely already knows
why because he wanted a journalist
but now if Antonio is
watching me think What evidence have they
presented in the trial What evidence have they
presented what statements have they
presented
that a newspaper could have found out
there but I say no reading let's go that way
you
go that way it goes that way there is no more
is that there is no more no matter how much I
want to give it But that is what I  would
fit me with his way of
That's what would fit me with his
way of acting
you know Hey,
the press is here the press leaves the
press swallows the whole trial
therefore suddenly the press There they go to find out
information that Ah, I have not
leaked it the trial was
open doors and it is something that is in the
procedure
if it could be that I would like to take out some
evidence to expose him
well to put him then we would have to
see it too I tell you You know because
then they would do the second Maybe
then they would do the second reading and they would
twist them for that evidence x it
went wrong because they did not admit the
press into the room
but it goes that way surely the
images of the trial will be able to be seen let's see I understand
that if they can be seen I understand that
yes they can be seen I
understand that yes
Javi Prepare for a docudrama 3 on
Netflix
I understand that if they can be seen at
most at most Maybe of the
people who are not public put a
filter on the voice or something like that but
unfortunately I understand that I do know how to
see without violating private data
okay
but I understand that some images
can be posted
But why search Rocío Carrasco here
that judgment is an open door for
people and the media
perhaps because you want to put his son
publicly
when Antonio David is saying here to
expose his son publicly
it could be that he is not referring to exposing him
as
exposing his image is putting him in front of
the public because
the boy the boy The boy has already been out
everywhere, I mean the boy was
in the final of Survivor you know what I mean
and the image of the boy
hugging Olga went viral you know what I mean it's not
like exposing him in that sense I think
Anthony is referring to exposing him of
making him look bad remember what I'm
telling you Rocío Carrasco wants to blame
her son for something Why don't they look the
same as she did with the girl
just like she did with the girl that what
good was brought out by the episode a
decade ago when the mummies were not yet
put in a tomb but rather they were put in a
sarcophagus and they were carried like that by weight to the
pyramid Okay, so Rocío Carrasco wants to
have a justification to make
the boy look bad and that the boy  It's his fault
x okay X in the trial there is
something presented that according to Rocío Carrasco or according to the
reading that she could twist she
wants to make it look bad and I'm going to explain
why it is that we are
going because in this video that
I have made today
because in this video that I have made today
no
more than in this one in this other one wait
in this other one Where the [ __ ] is the lollipop
n no [ __ ] Where is the video of the Indian it
is another it is another use of listening to
this Listening to this
of the figure of the children to
crush me and to and to earn
money
That is the good father
in his case it would be living off your ex-wife
Until you can live off your children
Rocío until now pension that is claimed from you
Look Carlota, on the 30th
forgive me forgive me for interrupting
Forgive me for interrupting very important very
important all of you who are
watching us right now all of you who
are watching us right now
have to press the like button and you
have to press the
subscribe button okay subscribe check it out and
press it calmly you click it  that
nothing is going to happen to us with porcelain nails
and it's worth it or sign and we continue
listening
to testify
and I considered Well, my lawyer and I,
since there are
procedural irregularities and irregularities such as
what is notified to me is I am
notified here at my house of the complaint
but I am not notified of absolutely
anything else, no transfer is sent to my
lawyer of
notified it was the lawyer Damn How clumsy
are these [ __ ] courts in
Alcobendas or in the [ __ ] whatever
the complaint is they don't know how to do something with
a joint look at the girl does
everything Perfect Well, they didn't
notify her of the complaint well then
she received the notification to the lawyer
no then they told her to put it
that Antonio David no [ __ ] and then
the trial date arrives he changes it and
neither the day that this person is going to go
to testify on the 23rd that statement is
made without having the lawyer, the lawyer
of the other party, which in this case is
mine, present then faced with a lot of
irregularities We have gone to
resources all the resources have not yet
been resolved then your honor takes what I
told you  It's that at that
moment I wasn't going to testify but I would be
delighted to testify and
tell you what I have to tell you but
once all those
little bumps, those
procedural irregularities were resolved, the issue
of the child will be known. Here comes Emilio, a
round of applause, the entire chat for our Emilio,
Emilio, a huge kiss, Rey. Thank you very much,
five members that
Emilio has given us, did you remember that the
kids are kicking you around, the kids are going to
reach 3,000
members today, the kids are going to reach today
that I have to go, in 15
minutes I'm leaving, the kids are going to reach
3,000 members today, they are kicking you,
the kids are laughing at you,
man, get your act together, it's
only worth 99 cents, it's
only worth 99 cents, man,
or give away my member like
Emilio did. Let's get out of here with a little
dignity today, at least no, at least we
reach 2,000, no tesa,
and it will be known through me and I will tell it and  I will
prove
when and where I don't know but I have to
prove it just like I proved the
case of the girl I will prove it because just like
with the other case there is
another plot in the middle there is a plot and there is
a very big plot very big behind
it and it is not the operation of lue it is
something else or rather here for me
the key would be around there for me
the key would be around
there for me the key would be around that she wanted to
expose it that she wanted to make him look bad in some way she wanted to make him look like a bad son for example as if she has some kind of justification you know because now you have to realize one thing a lot of montage a lot of music and a lot of story that she told in the in the docuseries
but she
managed to justify herself you will
understand what I mean by
that she managed to justify herself with the
reason why she does not want to know anything
about her daughter but the taboo subject that
we have also been made aware of
by many people who worked in the
network among them Marta risk it
was forbidden to bring up the subject of the child
to Rocío Carrasco you could not
ask her Well about the child why
come on okay okay come on for the girl the
girl you  you don't forgive her the girl you
had a fight with the girl they
condemned her okay the father was the one who
manipulated her to hit you okay perfect
and with the child What's the deal What's
the deal so that the father doesn't
return the child to you according to you after the
summer And you don't hide in Malaga with
the being of light to bring the child to your
wedding What's the deal is it not that the
father is going to pick up the phone and
threaten me it's not that the father is going to
yell at me it's not that the father is going to
insult me ​​to see if he has the balls because if he
did It would be [ __ ] great
for your pathetic complaint of
gender violence that you have made
Sure if you think that the father is going to be
that damn it sure
Do it Then call him hide in
Malaga for the child with a camera and with
a recorder
of course he had
no answer he had no answer and he
never has had one and no one has ever
slipped him the thing about the children there are many people
who say there are many people who say me on
the subject Antonio David How did he behave with
Rocío  Carrasco no no gender violence
but I don't buy it he didn't behave well
with her he gives her a hard time on TV there are a
lot of people who say that but they say but when it comes to
the children there is no one who
understands it nobody of course can't
understand it because there is only one
explanation the explanation is I am
living a new relationship I am
living a new life I am
completely
enamored with my new relationship and I don't
want motherhood it doesn't suit me Right
now motherhood this was another
life that I had with this guy it doesn't
suit me Right now motherhood
well it has done her good with her children it hasn't
done her good with Gloria Camila and her
brother it hasn't done her good at all
and since she has no justification for the
child thing well she will have her story and
her invented thing already prepared which will
be what she will bring out someday of
course
and don't write in capital letters No
man Mimi Here it is allowed to
write in capital letters there are a lot of people who do not
see well that's where
the Chinese go family that's where
the shots go
I refuse to believe anything from someone well
we'll see what else Antonio says
tomorrow but that's where the shots go he
has detached himself from his  children has
completely disassociated himself from his children
No, nothing unites them anymore, perhaps because He
hopes that the video of the
court celebration is published, it has been published by
the media as already
occurred in one of my trials or in a
statement of mine, in total,
I, who am the father of that child and I protect him, I
warn him and I hope that the video of the
statement in court has not been
leaked by any
media outlet
for two reasons because I will be clear that it has been
leaked and because I will take the
appropriate actions to defend the
interests of my son
is that I do not believe that anything can be done
depending on the content, of course,
depending on the content,
to see if it is something that violates the
privacy of the boy, obviously I
understand that it is not, but
that trials
in a very newsworthy trial, it
is a boy who is not a character
but a boy who does
not sell his life, of course, the whole
thing but that has appeared in the
media since his life is of public interest.
I imagine,
I imagine that depending on the
content of the, of course, depending on the
content of the statement, if
suddenly the boy is telling you something
that  what he does in his private life is
not public the son Look, it's not
public okay but a kid who has
been everywhere, they have made front pages, he has been on
front pages all his life, they have
posed with him on front pages okay, I do
n't know,
censoring him, even
censoring it, imagine, I don't know the truth,
I think that censoring him, pixelating him and
a voice filter on the kid,
for example, I understand that if they
release Rocío Carrasco's statement
or Antonio Bici's statement, he has declared, I think
that absolutely nothing will happen It's that it is
newsworthy It's that it is
newsworthy I
understand that the kid, of course, would have to be
filtered,
filtered, I mean
censored, censored, and I understand that
if in the courtroom at least when my
son greets his mother,
the mother had stood up, the mother had
given him two hugs and
asked him how are you son when I miss you,
then perhaps she would understand that it makes sense to
ask that the trial be brought openly
and that among the journalists
another theory, that of Anthony, these other
theory
that they would have, he would have greeted him if there had been a
camera
what chile is very slow and what the hell is wrong with me I
need the vacation now  eh next week Of
course
but why don't you either there are
more than 3000 people here you haven't
fallen for this any of you if some of you came to
see the live of
course
This is another one I don't rule out
my theory either eh my theory I still don't
rule it out careful eh my theory I
still don't rule it out but of course do
n't be ignorant oliveira the son
is not public you have no idea he has never
spoken to the press and he is also
dependent on his father let's not say
nonsense Francisco I have said it very
clearly king and yes I am telling you
because I have read many cases
many media cases and I tell him
many things And I am telling you what there is I
understand that if the video
of the trial comes out I understand that as long as the
kid's face is censored and
as long as his voice is censored
depending on the content of the
statement nothing would happen or what would happen
if the kid is telling something about his
private life that
the press does not have to find out Well, you
can't put that part of the video but yes The
kid is explaining Hey then  look I
withdraw the claim against my mother
All I want is my pension and for
everyone to make peace
That could be put nothing happens there's
nothing wrong with it you understand But the thing is that what I
think is that when
Antonio is saying something like that I think
that when he interviews saying this it's
because in the trial the mother has
used some trick that wants to make
the child look bad and evidently he
as a father is saying be
careful with my child
But this is another theory
this is another theory Of course we were
saying what the
[ __ ] So what the [ __ ] could
Rocío Carrasco want to
have cameras there that benefits
her of course she
puts the reading camera there and
records herself
hugging and getting emotional with the child
Please call me Take my phone number
Oh and we have it
or she was looking to record how the son rejected her
not because of good of
course friend what do you think Conchi Susana
tell me Sonia a kiss
How is my spark Sara a kiss Sara
Why aren't you a member 90 cents Hey
more than 3000 people here and we are not
3000 members yet that I am going to leave
for  Chevalería that today there we are going to be
3000 members today today we reached 3000
members there what happens let
me explain I
continue reading the notes right
and now I say what is the judge doing that
as you can understand he
says the following and he says the player will
take into consideration that David Flores
is a vulnerable person
images and the
incidence of the oral trial should be restricted as much as possible for being
vulnerable considering the
protection of privacy adequate
once I read this I
send this message to everyone to
all those who report whether or
not they are journalists communicate write or are
dedicated to the media
and I would ask please to
see if now after this they
stop using images of my son
because he is not a famous or well-
known person nor has he made any statement
and intends to do so Nor does he want to be in
places where he understands he should not
be because he has not crossed that line and does
not want to belong to this world
what I would say
if I ask it as a favor you are not going to do it
but I am going to ask it please because
I consider If an educated person
I believe that here we should respect
everything, for example I am going to respect it of
course  of course let's go
without any doubt
because I shouldn't talk about him Well
at least if he asks for it I don't have
any kind of problem from
now on it doesn't cost anything to put a
pixel Pixel when you face him or whatever
yes to see you it's like that let's see that I don't know what you wo
n't see that there are photographs of him
everywhere and all But damn let's see
if he's asking for it
Well you have it Javi I have it I
have it in many videos many
videos But well if the father is
asking for it Now I don't have any
problem
the sister puts it out every day on her
channel on her Instagram it
's true it's true it's true no yes it's true yes
but well it doesn't cost anything
no I mean if he just asked for it it doesn't
cost anything no it doesn't
cost anything No me at least Hey
Listen to me, I'm a father, let's
see if suddenly he gets it and now
next week or the next he takes the
kid to a save me from light Well
obviously I'm going to get it and say Hey,
well I won't censor it anymore, you understand
But if the father is asking here  I
think we should all respect that,
on that subject, I think it would
n't cost anything, no. Hey guys, I
have to go. It's half past, I
said I had to go in 15 minutes, I'll
check it out later. I don't know if there's any. It's because I
think the rest are him
hitting you sacks. He posted the video.
Anyway, I recommend that you watch the
entire live stream, of course, okay, because of what
he said more, I'll
review it later. I'll review it later. They'll give me
the so-so today here, I'll review it. And if there's
any other headline, I'll comment on it in the
lollipop. Okay, guys, I'm going to go to the
little guy. I'm going to go to the little guy. Okay, I
think he's referring to the, I think he's
referring to the. Well, Mercedes, I don't care, let's
see. Please, do you like her or
not? In that sense, I'm there. No, I'm not going
to challenge a person who's
asking you. Hey, please respect my
son,
okay, I
recently heard on a live stream by Diego
Arrabal how a cantonavil had asked
the magazine not to put the kid on the cover
and that's why they had it. How do I think?  that
Diego explained something like that's why they
had it in for
Antonio David to release news about him And
such But I sincerely don't see him and
I don't see him bad there is that you tell me
Well but the thing is that the parents have put the
kids on the covers since they were little
Well yes and I have made
many mistakes throughout my life and
three years ago I made mistakes and
a year ago and two years ago and four years ago that
today I wouldn't do it
here you are going to allow me that from
now on let's
see if we are live and an
image comes out because we are reacting to a
video and it comes out But from
now on I am going to tell the miniature Hey
please Look Antonio David when it
comes out censor his face it doesn't cost
anything It doesn't cost anything you know what I mean
If you have to put it in a miniature
put it But put it in a mess and
this request is respected I think that everyone should
do the same and the media too
and the media too but if I tell you eh
I think that the issue that I am that I
think that the issue of the video being leaked
I think it will not be possible  remedy it
if there is a part that wants to leak it I
think that I think that it will not be
able to stop it because there is someone there is
someone who is
stubborn stubborn stubborn bar or
Secada
[Music]
in nothing
I am completely here with him on
this issue okay absolutely I
have no complaints
in this in this sense and in this issue
my total support my total support
both him and his children and his
family in this sense okay fatal Rocío
Carrasco fatal there are things that I do not
really eh I mean he
says it for the mother there are things that I do not that I do not
understand that children
love each other very much most of those who
are watching me are surely mothers
here no
or children love each other very much
I would die I would die for either
of the two I mean but literally eh It is not
like a saying that literally eh you would die
True How can How can
How can you do certain things man
How can you do certain things
hatreds and obsessions